---------------
| REFLECTIONS |
---------------

Q - How did viewing diff between two versions of a file help me to see the bug/s introduced?
A - With the command "diff file1.js file2.js". It allows me to view the difference between two files. Instead file names
    I indicate the commit id/hash, I can view difference beetween two commits.

Q - How could heaving easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficent programmer in long term?
A - Because I can know when something changes in that file, and why. With "git log" I can access the history of a commit.

T - "Git works locally in my computer. This means I can work in a project even without a internet connection."

- Type of version control systems:
  - Manual saving
  - Google docs
  - Dropbox
  - Wikipedia
  - GIT
  - Svn

- COMMITS
 Commits is a component of git. When I do a "commit", I do a Snapshot of the repo, that override the old version.
 I can always access to all the project commits with "git log". Heach commit have an ID/hash, an author, a date and a
 commit message that explain commit reason. With "git diff commitID1 commitID2" I can view differences between
 two commits. Diff is related to commits.

Q - When a commit size is too big and when too small?
A - There is not an answer to this question, because every case is different by the other. A commit shoul be
    related to a new feature, then when the work of the new feature is complete, I can commit. But if the work is very long,
    will be difficult find diff between two commits. one-three hours is a reasonable working commit time.
    Fix two bug and do one commit it's a mistake, because each bug fixed must have his commit.

Q - How can I view the which files are changed in commits?
A - With "git log --stats" I can view all the commits as usual, but in each commits is indicated the file changed and
    details about it changes.

T - Command "git version" allows you to know what version of git you have installed on you computer

Q - How I can download a repository from gitHub?
A - With "git clone url//url of the repo" you can clone the remote repo into your computer. When you want to clone a repo,
    your position in directories must be the position when you want the cloned project will be placed.

Q - How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
A - Because we even find the commit with the bug, fix it or checkout to the previous commit. We can do this with
    "git checkout IDcommitNumber". We can go back in the log history, checkout to the commits before and find where
    the bug was introduced, running the release in the browser "open [fileName.file]". After that, with "git diff IDcommitNumber1 IDcommitNumber2"
    we can compare the differences between the two commits and fix the bug.

T - "cmd + shift + h" to open the users directory on mac

T - "git init" command allows me to create a git repository. Before run this command, I must be in the directory that will be the git repository of
    my project.
